Fluffy Gingham Cricket

medium

# A malicious user can cancel a round if an outcome is unfavorable to himself


## Summary
User can cancel a draw if it does not favor himself
## Vulnerability Detail
Looksrare yolo contract utilizes chainlinks vrfv2 subscription as it source of randomness. 
As a subscritption, it must be funded to continue returning values. This is where a very specific edge case comes up. 

> Each subscription must maintain a minimum balance to fund requests from consuming contracts. This minimum balance requirement serves as a buffer against gas volatility by ensuring that all your requests have more than enough funding to go through. If your balance is below the minimum, your requests remain pending for up to 24 hours before they expire. After you add sufficient LINK to a subscription, pending requests automatically process as long as they have not expired.

https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/subscription

if the subscription funding is low then it is now in the pending state for up to 24 hours, when the balance is no longer low, the randomess request is sent automatically. Some more additonal context of this bug, At the 24 hour mark, a user can cancel the current round if no request has been received by the contract. 
```solidity
    function cancelAfterRandomnessRequest() external nonReentrant {
        _validateOutflowIsAllowed();

        uint256 roundId = roundsCount;
        Round storage round = rounds[roundId];

        _validateRoundStatus(round, RoundStatus.Drawing);

        if (block.timestamp < round.drawnAt + 1 days) {
            revert DrawExpirationTimeNotReached();
        }

        round.status = RoundStatus.Cancelled;

        emit RoundStatusUpdated(roundId, RoundStatus.Cancelled);

        _startRound({_roundsCount: roundId});
    }
```
Calling the function above cancels the round, and starts the next one. This is problematic, in a very edge case scenario, a user can wait to top up the subscription account exactly 1 day from when the ``_drawWinner`` function was called.After the top up, the request will instantly be sent as a tx on the mempool. The malicious user can now see the randomness request result in the mempool. If the malicious user does not like the result, he can front run the tx and call ``cancelAfterRandomnessRequest`` to cancel the round and start the next, essentially taking a win from another contestant, and canceling his own loss. Since in the snippet above we allow to cancel a round if we are at exactly 1 day from calling `drawWinner` , There exists a 1 block period in which the pending request has not yet been expired and we are able to call ``cancelAfterRandomnessRequest``. Because as i have quoted above `your requests remain pending for up to 24 hours`. This is inclusive, so at the/ up to the 24 hour mark our requests can still be fulfilled from the pending state on chainlink vrf, and given that at that same timestamp we can cancel the draw on looks, this allows for the malicious user to either front run the tx `fulfillRandomWords`  with `cancelAfterRandomnessRequest` if he does not like the outcome. Or he can allow the `fulfillRandomWords` tx to succeed if he deems the results favorable.

### POC

1. round is started and randomness request to chainlink is sent
2. there is not enough balance in subscription account to send request, we now have at most 24 hours until this request is canceled
3. user waits until right at  24 hour mark  this ensures that the round is now eligible for cancelation, and the chainlink request can still be in the pending state.
4. user tops up chainlink account and request is sent automatically, since we are at exactly 24 hours the request has not yet expired because the request is active up to 24 hours
5. user sees request result in mempool
6. if it is favorable he can let the result pass and he will win the round, if it is not favorable, he can call ``cancelAfterRandomnessRequest`` to frontrun the chainlink randomness request and avoid a loss

Because of a low likelihood but high impact, i believe this issue is atleast a valid medium. But due to the fact that it disrupts the entire functionality and purpose of this contract, it should not be rated anything below medium.

from sherlock docs:
> Medium: There is a viable scenario ___(even if unlikely)___ that could cause the protocol to enter a state where a material amount of funds can be lost.

this is stated in readme
>In case of external protocol integrations, are the risks of external contracts pausing or executing an emergency withdrawal acceptable? If not, Watsons will submit issues related to these situations that can harm your protocol's functionality.
Yes

In regards to this, the vrf contract is not pausing, it is functioning as it should given a certain state. So this should not be used to challenge this finding.

## Impact
A malicious user can cancel a round if an outcome is unfavorable to himself. This results in him skipping his potential loss, and the just winner not winning the round when he should have.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare-ArnieGod/blob/a58e411ec44fc910a4a7c02500b6ff4cec93d057/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L451-L461
## Tool used

Manual Review

inspiration from this report:
https://solodit.xyz/issues/h-02-draw-organizer-can-rig-the-draw-to-favor-certain-participants-such-as-their-own-account-code4rena-forgeries-forgeries-contest-git

## Recommendation
change the expiration time to 1day + 1 hour, this buffer ensures that a potential chainlink pending request is for sure expired.