Scrawny Honey Panther

high

# In the function _depositETH, there is no check whether depositAmount is equal to 0, which allows malicious users to perform draws at a cost of 0 and maliciously increase the count of deposit.

## Summary

In the function `_depositETH`, there is no check whether `depositAmount` is equal to 0, which allows malicious users to perform draws at a cost of 0 and maliciously increase the count of deposit.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds` allows users to deposit in multiple rounds. The protocol will then draw the winner based on the amount deposited. Specifically, the more `entriesCount` a user has, the greater the probability of winning. However, in function `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds` and `_depositETH`, there is no check whether `depositAmount` is equal to 0. This will result in the user possessing a valid `currentEntryIndex `and will have a probability of becoming the winner. What's more serious is that users can call `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds` multiple times to obtain more `EntryIndex` and placeholders in `round.deposits`, thereby further increasing the probability of becoming the winner.

Another problem is that an attacker can maliciously increase `roundDepositCount` without actually depositing (i.e. depositAmount equals 0).

## Impact

A malicious user can increase the probability of becoming the winner at no cost and at the same time increase the roundDepositCount, causing the round to terminate early (that is, reaching the Drawing state).

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L327-L345

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1417-L1455

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

check whether depositAmount is equal to 0