Howling Cloud Goldfish

high

# `_validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound` validation can be bypassed

## Summary

Due to `_depositETH`'s incorrect use of `_validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound`, a player can bypass the check and fill up a whole round.

## Vulnerability Detail

In Yolo v2, users can deposit ETH into a round with three functions: `rolloverETH` , `deposit` and `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds`. In `rolloverETH` and `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds`, function `_depositETH` is called. In this function, validation is performed to ensure that there is more than one player in a round.
However, `_depositETH` incorrectly uses this validation:

    function _depositETH(
        Round storage round,
        uint256 roundId,
        uint256 roundValuePerEntry,
        uint256 depositAmount
    ) private returns (uint256 entriesCount) {
        entriesCount = depositAmount / roundValuePerEntry;
        uint256 roundDepositCount = round.deposits.length;
        //@Audit incorrect
        _validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound(_unsafeAdd(roundDepositCount, 1), round.numberOfParticipants);

         ...
    }

    function _validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound(
        uint256 roundDepositCount,
        uint256 numberOfParticipants
    ) private pure {
        if (roundDepositCount == MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_DEPOSITS_PER_ROUND) {
            if (numberOfParticipants == 1) {
                revert OnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound();
            }
        }
    }

It is worth noting that at this point the new deposit has not been written to the contract storage, so `roundDepositCount` is the value before the current deposit for the round. So, `roundDepositCount + entriesCount` is the correct deposit count right now. But actually `roundDepositCount` was incorrectly added by `1` when performing the validation.

Due to the incorrect value, malicious users can use `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds` or `rolloverETH` to bypass the check. They could just deposit 100 `valuePerEntry` worth of ETH into a round to fill it, since `roundDepositCount + 1 = 1` in this case.

## Impact

Malicious users can fill up a whole round, breaking a core constraint, and creates a temporary DoS for other players.

## Code Snippet

`_depositETH` with incorrect validation:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1417-L1426

`_deposit` with correct validation:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1232

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `_validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound(_unsafeAdd(roundDepositCount, entriesCount), round.numberOfParticipants);`
instead of `_validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound(_unsafeAdd(roundDepositCount, 1), round.numberOfParticipants);`