Short Chiffon Bird

medium

# attacker can DOS or manipulate rounds deposits count by depositing 0 ETH with depositETHIntoMultipleRounds()

## Summary
when users deposits into the rounds code checks that their deposit value have >0 entry points. the issue is that in the `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds()` there is no such check and attacker can deposit 0 ETH into the rounds and occupy the rounds. by doing this attacker can fill all the rounds to perform DOS or even manipulate rounds to draw them with low amount of entry. for example if there was 1 depositor, attacker can fill the round with 0 ETH and in the end that depositor will win his own funds but have to pay the FEE.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of `` code, as you can see code doesn't check that `depositAmount  > roundValuePerEntry ` and there is no such a check in the `_depositETH()` function too:
```javascript
            _incrementUserDepositCount(roundId, round);

            uint256 depositAmount = amounts[i];
            if (depositAmount % roundValuePerEntry != 0) {
                revert InvalidValue();
            }
            uint256 entriesCount = _depositETH(round, roundId, roundValuePerEntry, depositAmount);
            expectedValue += depositAmount;

            entriesCounts[i] = entriesCount;
        }
```
as result attacker can deposit 0 ETH to the rounds and fill them. attacker can use this to perform multiple type of attacker and cause different impacts. attacker can totally fill all the rounds and DOS the core functionality or use it to fill rounds and make rounds to get to draw state without enough entry.
one way that attacker can loss for users is this:
1. suppose `currentRound+3` have only one depositor which deposited half of the deposit limit.
2. attacker would call `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds()` and deposit 0 ETH into the `currentRound, ...., currentRound+3`.
3. attacker would perform this call multiple time(even after the currentRound changes) as time goes on until the `currentRound+3` reach the max deposit limit.
4. now when contract reaches the `currentRound+3`, even so there is multiple depositor but in reality only one depositor deposited >0 ETH and have the entry points. so the winner will be that depositor and he can receive his funds but he has to pay FEE which can be up to 25%.

## Impact
attacker can cause multiple impacts, DOS the core functionality and fill all the rounds. or cause loss for single depositor into a round. or manipulate rounds by filling them with 0 ETH and causing early draw.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/7d76b96a58a6aee38f23bb38b8a5daa3bdc03f7c/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L312-L363
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/7d76b96a58a6aee38f23bb38b8a5daa3bdc03f7c/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1418-L1452

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
check the entry points are not zero for the rounds.