Jumpy Butter Pig

high

# Polygon chain reorgs will often change game results

## Summary
The protocol is designed to be deployed on potentially any EVM-compatible Layer 2 (including ZK L2s). Assuming deployment on Polygon, a vulnerability that needs addressing is the frequent occurrence of chain reorganizations on the Polygon network. These reorgs can impact game results, affecting the determination of the game's winner.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `minimumRequestConfirmations` value in VRF_CONSUMER is set to 3 when calling `_drawWinner` function. This value is used to tell the Chainlink VRF service how much blocks do you want to wait at a minimum before receiving randomness. The reason this value was added is because of chain reorganizations - when this event happens, blocks and transactions get reorganized and they change. This is a serious problem in this application as it is expected to be launched on Polygon , but as we can see [here](https://polygonscan.com/blocks_forked) there are  block reorganizations happening with depth that is more than 3 blocks. In [this article](https://protos.com/polygon-hit-by-157-block-reorg-despite-hard-fork-to-reduce-reorgs/) we can even see a recent event where there was a 156 block depth chain reorg on Polygon. This means that it is possible that often the winner of game to be changed since when your transaction for requesting randomness from VRF is moved to a different block then the randomness will change as well.
## Impact
an already winning user will lose its reward
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1001-L1007
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use a larger  `minimumRequestConfirmations`  value  according to the chain reorg depth