Amusing Emerald Zebra

medium

# Inadequate minimum request confirmations

## Summary

The minimumRequestConfirmations parameter is currently set to a fixed value of 3 in the smart contract, which may not be suitable for other L2 chains

## Vulnerability Detail

The contracts are deployed to ETH mainnet and L2s such as Arbitrum and potentially any EVM compatible L2

When sending a request for random words, the `_drawWinner` function sets the `minimumRequestConfirmations` to 3.

        uint256 requestId = VRF_COORDINATOR.requestRandomWords({
            keyHash: KEY_HASH,
            subId: SUBSCRIPTION_ID,
            minimumRequestConfirmations: uint16(3),
            callbackGasLimit: uint32(500_000),
            numWords: uint32(1)
        });

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/314fd5b753359e07778724342de8dda20713ec2e/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1001-L1007

However, Chainlink's documentation on security considerations advises tailoring the minimum request confirmation count to each specific blockchain:

        You must choose an appropriate confirmation time for the randomness requests you make. Confirmation time is how many blocks the VRF service waits before writing a fulfillment to the chain to make potential rewrite attacks unprofitable in the context of your application and its value-at-risk.

https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/security#choose-a-safe-block-confirmation-time-which-will-vary-between-blockchains

In practice, as observed in centralized exchange (CEX) implementations for L2 deposits, a significant number of block confirmations are awaited (e.g., minimum 10 ETH blocks for Arbitrum and 12 for Optimism). This suggests that a higher minimum request confirmation than 3 could enhance security.

https://medium.com/chainlight/patch-thursday-risks-on-cexs-confirmation-on-arbitrum-and-optimism-7ee25a1d58bf

Furthermore, VRFv2 supports up to 200 block confirmations, providing adequate range for adjustments.

https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/subscription/supported-networks#arbitrum-mainnet

## Impact

With the current low `minimumRequestConfirmations`, there's an increased risk of redrawing the random word, potentially compromising the fairness of outcomes. For example, a winner determined in the first draw might lose their rewards due to a subsequent redraw.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/314fd5b753359e07778724342de8dda20713ec2e/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1001-L1007

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Adjust the `minimumRequestConfirmations` to a dynamic parameter and set during contract deployment for each network.