Short Chiffon Bird

high

# attacker can DOS and LOCK users tokens because function depositETHIntoMultipleRounds() doesn't check MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_DEPOSITS_PER_ROUND

## Summary
code checks that the number of deposits into each round is less than MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_DEPOSITS_PER_ROUND in deposits functions, because code loops through all deposits when calculating the winner so it's critical for that logic the deposits count be limited to not have OOG.
the issue is that function `depositETHIntoMultipleRounds()`'s execution flow doesn't perform this check and attacker can create a lot of deposits for a round that bypasses MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_DEPOSITS_PER_ROUND.

## Vulnerability Detail
function `depositETHintoMultipleRounds()` uses `_validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound()`, `_writeDataToRound()`, `_incrementUserDepositCount()`, `_depositETH()` and `_shouldDrawWinner()`. in none of those function code checks that number of deposits for future rounds are less than `MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_DEPOSITS_PER_ROUND`,
the check in `_shouldDrawWinner()` is that if current round is reached max limit then it should be drawn. 
and `_validateOnePlayerCannotFillUpTheWholeRound()` only check that one depositor don't fill one round (if there was >1 depositor the check will pass)

so it would be possible deposit into the future rounds while bypassing the MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_DEPOSITS_PER_ROUND limit. This POC:
1. suppose some users deposited into the `currentRound+10` and deposit amounts reached to MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_DEPOSITS_PER_ROUND.
2. now attacker would call `depositETHintoMultipleRounds()` would deposit to 11 rounds. as the current round is not filled the code would perform the deposit for rounds `currentRound, currentRound+1, ...., currentRound+10`.
3. attacker can perform the step 2 multiple times(even when current round increase) and it would cause `currentRound+10` to have deposits more than max limit.
4. in the end round 10 deposits would bypass the max limit and the draw function couldn't be executed because of out of gas error. this will cause round logics to halt and that round will not a have winner.

This is part of `fulfillRandomWords()` code, as you can see it loops through all the deposits that attacker can make it to have arbitrary length. call to this function would have 500K gas and attacker can revert that call by increasing deposits length.
```javascript
                uint256 count = round.deposits.length;
                uint256[] memory currentEntryIndexArray = new uint256[](count);
                for (uint256 i; i < count; ++i) {
                    currentEntryIndexArray[i] = uint256(round.deposits[i].currentEntryIndex);
                }
```

## Impact
winner selection logic will revert for that specific round causing that round to not have a winner and an important invariant will be bypassed. attacker can perform this attack for multiple rounds and disturb the core functionality of the system.
or attacker can perform it and increase their chance of winning by having more deposits even for rounds that are filled fully.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/7d76b96a58a6aee38f23bb38b8a5daa3bdc03f7c/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1585-L1595
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/7d76b96a58a6aee38f23bb38b8a5daa3bdc03f7c/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1418-L1456
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/7d76b96a58a6aee38f23bb38b8a5daa3bdc03f7c/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L311-L362

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check the max limit for deposits for all the round that user deposits