Recumbent Hemp Chameleon

high

# YoloV2::cancel() accepting numberOfRounds as parameter is buggy, incorrect implementation.

## Summary
YoloV2::cancel(uint256 numberOfRounds) function is cancelling future rounds that does not exist as roundsCount is the latest round
tracked in the state. So, marking rounds with higher index in the rounds map as cancelled does not make sense.

Also, the logic for arriving at the next round also looks incorrect.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the cancel function, numberOfRounds is accepted as a parameter to cancel.
Note, roundsCount is the latest round in the YoloV2 contract.

So, lets say, roundsCount is currently 10.

if numberOfRounds, passed as parameter to cancel function result in marking 11, 12, 13 as cancelled.

```solidity
 uint256 startingRoundId = roundsCount;

        for (uint256 i; i < numberOfRounds; ++i) {
            uint256 roundId = _unsafeAdd(startingRoundId, i);
            rounds[roundId].status = RoundStatus.Cancelled;
        }
```
Also,refer to the startRound call below which will start a new round. 
 The parameter passed to _startRound() function would be 

```javascript
  _roundsCount = _unsafeSubtract(_unsafeAdd(startingRoundId, numberOfRounds), 1)
                         = _unsafeSubtract(_unsafeAdd(10,3),1);
                         = _unsafeSubtract(13,1);
                         =  12
```

Since 1 is incremented, 13 should be the new roundsCount. But, Round 13 was already be marked as cancelled in the above loop. The function does not make any sense in the first place.

```solidity
  _startRound({_roundsCount: _unsafeSubtract(_unsafeAdd(startingRoundId, numberOfRounds), 1)});
```
## Impact
Invalid roundsCount which will

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L429-L446

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Firstly, the function does not seem to make any sense. There is no documentation to outline the purpose of this function and when it will be called. As of now, I dont see a purpose and hence would recommend the team to revisit the function and its purpose.