Jumpy Burlap Mockingbird

high

# Sequential Deposit Bias in Random Winner Selection

## Summary
The method for selecting a winner in a game of chance favor players who make multiple individual entries over those who make a single, larger entry.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `fulfillRandomWords` function, the winner of a round is determined by finding an entry index that corresponds to a randomly generated number (`winningEntry`). This number is derived from the VRF-provided `randomWord` modulo the sum of all entries (`currentEntryIndex`).

The error arises in the way entries are recorded. If a player makes multiple smaller deposits, they are represented as separate entries in the `Deposit[] round.deposits` array. In contrast, a single large deposit would only increment `round.deposits` once, giving it only one position in the array.

Consider the scenario where `winningEntry` is 8. If a player has made ten separate deposits of one entry each, they effectively occupy the first ten indices in the `round.deposits` array. If another player makes one deposit of ten entries, they only occupy the next index position after the first player's deposits.
Winning user is selected like this : 
```solidity
// ... within fulfillRandomWords function
uint256 count = round.deposits.length;
uint256[] memory currentEntryIndexArray = new uint256[](count);
for (uint256 i; i < count; ++i) {
     currentEntryIndexArray[i] = uint256(round.deposits[i].currentEntryIndex);
}
uint256 winningEntry = _unsafeAdd(randomWord % currentEntryIndex, 1);
round.winner = round.deposits[currentEntryIndexArray.findUpperBound(winningEntry)].depositor;
```
 In this setup, the first player has a higher chance of being associated with the `winningEntry`.

## Impact
Game is unfair for large entries amount or NFT which represent a lot of entries depositor.
It may encourage gaming the system, where players who understand this bias could exploit it to increase their chances of winning.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1287-L1288
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Modify the entry recording mechanism to ensure that each entry occupies same space in `round.deposits` array meaning that a deposit of ten entries would be represented ten times in the array, rather than just once.
