Rapid Ash Meerkat

medium

# Unpredictable Gas Usage in Loops

## Summary
The contract contains loops whose iteration count can grow unpredictably based on user behavior. For instance, the **deposit** function iterates over an array of **DepositCalldata**, and the number of iterations depends on the input provided by the user.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the **deposit** function, there's a loop that iterates over the **deposits** array. If this array is large, it could lead to high gas costs, potentially causing transactions to fail due to block gas limits or making the function prohibitively expensive to call.
## Impact
Unpredictable gas costs can lead to denial of service, where users are unable to call the function due to high gas fees. Moreover, if the loop iterates too many times, the transaction may hit the block gas limit and fail, rendering the function unusable.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1089-L1094
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider implementing a pattern that limits the number of items processed per transaction. This could involve introducing pagination or limiting the length of the **deposits** array. This ensures that the function's gas usage remains within reasonable bounds and doesn't become a vector for denial of service.

Suggested Fix
Introduce a constant that defines the maximum number of items that can be processed in a single transaction, and enforce this limit in the function logic:

```solidity
uint256 public constant MAX_DEPOSITS_PER_CALL = 10;

function deposit(DepositCalldata[] calldata deposits) external {
    require(deposits.length <= MAX_DEPOSITS_PER_CALL, "Exceeds maximum deposits per call");
    for (uint256 i; i < deposits.length; ++i) {
                DepositCalldata calldata singleDeposit = deposits[i];
                address tokenAddress = singleDeposit.tokenAddress;
                if (isCurrencyAllowed[tokenAddress] != 1) {
                    revert InvalidCollection();
                }
}
```
