Clever Bronze Weasel

medium

# `fulfillRandomWords` may be reverted due to a hardcoded callbackGasLimit

## Summary
In the protocol, when requesting VRF_COORDINATOR.requestRandomWords(), the callbackGasLimit is hardcoded, which may result in transaction failure if the gas is too low.

## Vulnerability Detail
According the documentation of Chainlink VRF the max gas limit for the VRF coordinator is 2 500 000. This means that the max gas that `fulfillRandomWords()` can use is 2 500 000 and if it is exceeded the function would revert. 
The `fulfillRandomWords()` function receives a random value and selects the winner, starts new round.
Currently, when calling `VRF_COORDINATOR.requestRandomWords()`, the callbackGasLimit is hardcoded as 500_000.
```solidity
        uint256 requestId = VRF_COORDINATOR.requestRandomWords({
            keyHash: KEY_HASH,
            subId: SUBSCRIPTION_ID,
            minimumRequestConfirmations: uint16(3),
            callbackGasLimit: uint32(500_000),
            numWords: uint32(1)
        });

```
Due to low gas, the transaction may fail. If it fails, the Chainlink integration can break, leading to a potential halt in the protocol.

## Impact
The fulfillRandomWords callback function may be reverted, which may break chainlink integration.



## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1005

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of hardcoding the `gasLimit`, calculate it based on the variable and set it as immutable variable. Or, following [chainlink's security recommendations](https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/security#fulfillrandomwords-must-not-revert), the callback only stores the random value, and any complex processing is handled by calling the function after the callback ends.
