Damaged Tangelo Newt

medium

# Winner cannot receive any rewards if blacklisted from USDC

## Summary
When a round is finished, the winner can claim their rewards for that round via `claimPrizes()`. This sends them all the assets that were deposited during the round. If the winner is blacklisted from USDC, and the round included a USDC deposit, then the call to `claimPrizes()` will fail and the winner will not be able to claim their rewards, because the transfer of USDC to them will fail.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. A round begins. Alice deposits some USDC for a round. Bob deposits some other assets into the round. The round ends and Bob is drawn as the winner. Bob has already been blacklisted from USDC for a long time prior to this for example.
2. Bob tries to claim his winnings with `claimPrizes()` but the call fails because it loops through that specific round he won, and attempts to send him each of the tokens via `_transferTokenOut()` and `_executeERC20DirectTransfeR()`, but he cannot receive USDC.


## Impact
Winner cannot claim their prizes if they are blacklisted from USDC, and if USDC was deposited during that round.

## Code Snippet
`_transferTokenOut()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1483
`claimPrizes()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L505
`claimPrizes()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L536


## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
* Consider not including tokens with blacklists.
* Consider adding a function that can allow a user to claim reward tokens one at a time.