Zealous Quartz Mink

high

# User may loose their prize because of low minimumRequestConfirmations

## Summary

Chain reorganizations happen daily on Polygon and can affect the result of the game because minimumRequestConfirmations is too low for this L2.

## Vulnerability Detail

minimumRequestConfirmations is used to tell VRF how many blocks you want to wait at a minimum before receiving randomness. The reason this value was added is because of chain reorganizations - when this event happens, blocks and transactions get reorganized and they change.  Polygon is a L2 where reorganizations occur daily, and they very often contain more than 3 blocks, as can be seen [here](https://polygonscan.com/blocks_forked?p=1). The occurrence of a reorganization can lead to a change in the generated randomness and, accordingly, to a new winner in one or more rounds. This can also be [exploited](https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/security/#choose-a-safe-block-confirmation-time-which-will-vary-between-blockchains) by validators who can intentionally rewrite the chain's history to force a randomness request into a different block, changing the randomness result. It allows validators to get a fresh random value which may be to their advantage. 

## Impact

A user may loose their prize. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/7d76b96a58a6aee38f23bb38b8a5daa3bdc03f7c/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1004

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A safe value for minimumRequestConfirmations is 30 because it is a rare to have reorganizations with more than 30 blocks.
