Fit Cedar Perch

high

# A user can mask a ERC20 deposit as ERC721 one and get significant advantage.

## Summary
A user can mask a ERC20 deposit as ERC721 one and get significant advantage.

## Vulnerability Detail
When making a deposit in the current round, the user can deposit both ERC20 and ERC721. The user is responsible to mark the asset as whatever it is - ERC20 or ERC721.
Because both standards have the same function selector, there will be no problem in masking one type as the other and executing the transaction. 

### Attack path
Let's consider WBTC is added as a whitelisted token (Yolo is expected to work with "any ERC-20 tokens with sufficient liquidity")
1. User first makes a regular WBTC deposit for 1 entry. Since it will be the first WBTC deposit for the round, it will get its price from the TWAP oracle and save it to `prices[tokenAddress][roundId]`
```solidity
                } else if (singleDeposit.tokenType == YoloV2__TokenType.ERC20) {
                    if (price == 0) {
                        price = erc20Oracle.getTWAP(tokenAddress, uint32(TWAP_DURATION));
                        prices[tokenAddress][roundId] = price;
                    }
```
Note that this saved price is for `(10 ** IERC20(tokenAddress).decimals())` of WBTC.

2. User then makes another deposit, once again sets `tokenAddress` to WBTC, but marks it as ERC721 and sets `id` to 1. 

```solidity
                uint256 price = prices[tokenAddress][roundId];
                if (singleDeposit.tokenType == YoloV2__TokenType.ERC721) {
                    if (price == 0) {
                        price = _getReservoirPrice(singleDeposit);
                        prices[tokenAddress][roundId] = price;
                    }

                    uint256 entriesCount = price / round.valuePerEntry;
```

3. Since `prices[tokenAddress][roundId]` now has a non-zero value, it will not attempt to call the Reservoir oracle which would fail.
4. When calculating the `entriesCount` they will be based on the price for 1 WBTC (~$40,000)
5. This deposit would require the user sending only 1 wei of WBTC.

For 1 wei deposit, the user gets 1 WBTC worth of entries, worth ~$40k.
The user can repeat this endlessly to get an edge in all pots, effectively stealing user funds.

Note: the attack is profitable with every token. The more valuable the token is, the more profitable it is. WBTC is just an example. 

## Impact
Loss of funds

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1162C2-L1165C22
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1095C1-L1105C22


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Have an internal list of which assets are ERC721 and which are ERC20 and check against it. 
