Rapid Ash Meerkat

medium

# Potential Funds Loss Due to Unverified Batch Token Transfers

## Summary
The contract's batch token transfer functionality does not verify the success of token transfers. This can lead to scenarios where the contract assumes tokens have been transferred when they have not, potentially resulting in loss of funds or inconsistencies in contract state.
## Vulnerability Detail
The **_deposit** function utilizes the **transferBatchItemsAcrossCollections** method from the **ITransferManager** interface for transferring multiple ERC20 or ERC721 tokens in batch operations. However, the function does not check the return values or outcomes of these transfer calls. In the event of a transfer failure, the contract's state would reflect that the tokens have been transferred successfully, leading to a mismatch between the actual token location and the contract's perceived state.
## Impact
If token transfers fail silently, the contract might consider tokens to be in places they are not, potentially leading to loss or locking of funds. Malicious actors might exploit this by foreseeing or inducing transfer failures, manipulating the contract's state for their benefit.
## Code Snippet
Affected function: **_deposit()**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-yolo/contracts/YoloV2.sol#L1218
In the code snippet above, the outcome of transferBatchItemsAcrossCollections is not checked, potentially allowing for unverified token transfers.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure all token transfer calls in batch operations are checked for success. Modify the **_executeERC20DirectTransfer** and related functions to include checks for transfer success and revert the transaction if any transfer fails.

For ERC20 transfers:

```solidity
function _executeERC20DirectTransfer(address token, address to, uint256 amount) internal {
    require(IERC20(token).transfer(to, amount), "YoloV2: ERC20 transfer failed");
}
```


For ERC721 transfers, ensure that the transfer function adheres to the standard, returns a boolean indicating success or failure, and check this value accordingly.